# Today is Thursday, 22nd September 2022.

> mysqld --initialize-insecure\
> start /b mysqld\
> mysql -u root

     CREATE USER laravel@localhost;
     GRANT SELECT, INSERT, DELETE, UPDATE, ALTER ON phpmyadmin.* TO laravel@localhost;
     ALTER USER root@localhost IDENTIFIED WITH mysql_native_password BY '{secrets}';
     ALTER USER laravel@localhost IDENTIFIED WITH mysql_native_password BY '{secrets}';
     \q

> mysqladmin -u root shutdown

.........
#### Before doing
> php artisan migrate
#### Please ensure that you already create user and database, and you set config file correctly.

.........

#### In .env beware about config typing, don't forget to put double quote for username and password

.........

\> npm run dev
> [webpack-cli] TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'js')
> ##### (Wrong hypothesis.) It is error because 'js' method isn't exist. (This could be from specification changed in webpack.mix dependency.)\
#### Actually, it because it was defined as array const, which compiler can't resolve its type.
> ##### Or to be exact, there may be some changes that is getting more restrict about type. Now it won't work with unidentified type.
> Mix also changed about vue method too. Now you need to call .vue() if you want to compile .vue components.

.........
### Please also aware of vue-loader. 
> by default, it will install automatically.
> ##### Problem is, it wasn't actually install. It will disappear after you compile. You need to install it yourself to be permanent.
> Also, when you run 'npm install vue-loader', it won't download latest version for you. Which might cause failure when you compile.
> ##### So, please also ensure that you actually install latest version.

.........

## Fixed for 'Your serialized closure might have been modified and it's unsafe to be unserialized'

### First, remove out APP_KEY value, and all headers of jwt in /.env file.

> ### Also, please remove all certificate files in /storage/certs , or else it won't fill in path for you.

> php artisan cache:clear
> php artisan config:clear
> php artisan view:clear
> npm run dev
> php artisan key:generate
> php artisan jwt:generate-certs
> php artisan route:clear

